Check, Correct & Improve Hyperlinks - Closes 1867 (#1870)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/integrate-blockchain/aggregate-blockchain-data/index.adoc

xref:{url_service_index}[Lisk Service] is a web application middleware that allows interaction with various blockchain networks based on the Lisk protocol.

Data delivery to UI clients like {url_lisk_wallet}[Lisk Desktop^], {url_lisk_wallet}[Lisk Mobile^], or a custom frontend like xref:{url_integrate_ui}[Hello Frontend] is the primary goal of Lisk Service.
Lisk Service offers users a lot more information and endpoints as compared to node APIs, including geolocation and different statistics about network utilization.

> In addition, Lisk Service makes it possible to access all the live blockchain data like the Lisk SDK API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, Lisk Service makes it possible to access all the live blockchain data such as the Lisk SDK API.
```
